# MOP ITSS 7027

This document provides a comprehensive guide on the operations and procedures associated with ITSS 7027. It is an essential resource for understanding how to rollback the changes.

## Objectives
Step-by-step guide on how to perfom a rollback correctly

## Scope
Compass

## Tasks

1. [FNDA-44063](#fnda-44063)
2. [FNDA-44462](#fnda-44462)
3. [FNDA-44614](#fnda-44614)
4. [FNDA-44489](#fnda-44489)
<br><br>

# FNDA-44063

Set in "Send Insert CIU Msg to SMA" interaction item the "Test and accept Management Tool" interaction item as "Depends On"


## Steps
1. Login into ITN01
2. Go to https://asfweb-itn01.tsl.telus.com/ncobject.jsp?id=9160946170013927767
3. Select the option Test & Accept Management
4. Go to Release option and confirm action in the dialog.


## Another Way

1. Login into ITN01
2. Go to Navigation menu and go to product catalog
3. Click on Enterprise WAN Products
4. Select Business Internet
5. Click on Business Internet Product Template.
6. Select the Interactions tab.
7. Click on Add Product Business Internet
8. Search and select the Send Insert CIU Msg to SMA option
9. Search and select the option Test & Accept Management
10. Go to Release option and confirm action in the dialog.
<br><br>

# FNDA-44462
Remove Cooper Connectivity Component to avoid creating a Cooper based OOB for CM Services. 

## Steps
1. First downloaded and saved in your local machine the Component from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Lgf_J1HJN55lalNdXujgwmhgZ8cFw1yc?usp=sharing
2. Login into ITN01
3. Go to Navigation menu then select Administrative Tools and click on Export/Import Session
4. Click on Start Import Session button
5. Click on Choose File and searching a Cooper Connectivity component in your local machine and click on Upload button after that click on proceed.

## Confirming Changes

1. Go to Navigation menu and go to Service Catalog
2. Click on OPF Services
3. Click on CFS Template.
4. Select CM Business Internet CFS option
5. Entries on CM GPON / SE Dual option
6. Click on Components tab.
7. Then verify that Cooper Connectivity RFS exist on the table.
<br><br>

# FNDA-44614
Create an Interaction "Disconnect DDoS Business Internet" with Order Aim = "Disconnect" and remove Order Aim "Disconnect" from Provide/Cancel DDoS Business Internet 

## Steps

1. Login into ITN01
2. Go to https://asfweb-itn01.tsl.telus.com/ncobject.jsp?id=9151840101513859384
3. Click on Edit option
4. Search and edit Order Aim option adding Disconnect value.
5. Click on DDoS Premium CFS tab
6. Click on Interactions tab.
7. Delete Disconnect DDoS Business Internet. 

## Alternative Path to Provide/Cancel DDoS Business Internet

1. Go to Navigation menu and go to Service catalog.
2. Click on OPF Services. 
3. Click on CFS Template.
4. Click on DDoS Premium CFS
5. Go to Interactions tab.
5. Click on Provide/Cancel DDoS Business Internet
<br><br>

# FNDA-44489

Remove the list value "N/A" from CPE Interface Type Attribute

## Steps
1. Login into ITN01
2. Go to https://asfweb-itn01.tsl.telus.com/common/uobject.jsp?tab=_Parameters&object=9165105725013418981
3. Click on Attribute "CPE Interface Type"
4. Click on "CPE Interface Type" next to Type Definition
5. Remove the N/A value
6. Click on update
<br><br>


### Review and Approval
- **Creation Date:** 11/10/2024
- **Review Date:** MM/DD/YYYY
- **Approved by:** Name and role